Adding Key Management & using subkey to insert keys to keystore (#412)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io: docs/development/tools/key-management.md

---
id: "key-management"
title: "Key Management"
---

> Keys in Substrate are stored in the keystore in the file system. To store keys into this keystore,

Reviewer: This is misleading. Which keys? Certainly not account keys.

you need to use one of the two provided RPC calls. If your keys are encrypted or should be encrypted
by the keystore, you need to provide the key using one of the cli arguments `--password`, `--password-interactive` or `--password-filename`.

## Auto-generated Keys

For most users who want to run a validator node, the `author_rotateKeys` RPC call is sufficient.
The RPC call will generate `N` Session keys for you and return their public keys. `N` is the number
of session keys configured in the runtime. The output of the RPC call can be used as input for the
 `session::set_keys` transaction.

```bash
$ curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' --data '{ "jsonrpc":"2.0", "method":"author_rotateKeys", "id":1 }' localhost:9933
```

## Fixed Keys

If the session keys need to match a fixed seed, they can be set individually key by key. You can use

> [subkey Tool](development/tools/subkey.md#generating-keys) to generate the needed seed and public key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [Subkey tool](development/tools/subkey.md#generating-keys) to generate the needed key pairs.
You will need to inject the public keys into the node.
```

that can be passed into the RPC call with a key type.

```bash

> $ subkey generate

Reviewer: This is not a guide to using Subkey to generate keys. Indeed, you have to generate the correct type for each Session key. You cannot just run `subkey generate` and pass that in and expect it to work.

Secret phrase `favorite liar zebra assume hurt cage any damp inherit rescue delay panic` is account:
  Secret seed:      0x235c69907d33b85f27bd78e73ff5d0c67bd4894515cc30c77f4391859bc1a3f2
  Public key (hex): 0x6ce96ae5c300096b09dbd4567b0574f6a1281ae0e5cfe4f6b0233d1821f6206b
  Account ID:       0x6ce96ae5c300096b09dbd4567b0574f6a1281ae0e5cfe4f6b0233d1821f6206b
  SS58 Address:     5EXWNJuoProc7apm1JS8m9RTqV3vVwR9dCg6sQVpKnoHtJ68
```

### Via `subkey` Tool

> Refer to the [`subkey` Tool section](subkey.md#inserting-keys-to-keystore).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the Subkey guide on [inserting keys](subkey.md#inserting-keys-to-keystore).
```

> ### Via CLI

Reviewer: This should come before the Subkey section where you link people off this page.
```suggestion
### Via RPC
```
